Modular Build System Usage Tutorial
===================================

Overview
--------
An MBS project is made up of modules, or conceptual groups of code containing C and C++ source files and headers. Each
module is either a library or executable binary. A library can be shared, static, or both. Each module also has
zero or more dependencies, which will be linked to the module. If an application module depends on a library module, and
that library module depends on another library module, then the application module is able to use the second library
module and will be linked to it.

Directory Structure
-------------------
A typical MBS project's directory structure looks similar to the following:

    example-project
    ├── build
    ├── CMakeLists.txt
    ├── mbs.yml
    └── modules
        ├── module1
        │   ├── include
        │   │   ├── a.h
        │   │   └── b.h
        │   └── source
        │       ├── a.cpp
        │       └── b.cpp
        └── module2
            ├── include
            │   └── c.h
            └── source
                ├── c.cpp
                └── main.cpp

As can be seen above, each module exists in the modules directory, and each module has an include and source folder. In
addition to the modules folder, there is an mbs.yml file that species which modules are in the project, and what
depends on what. The build folder, with its contents not shown, contains cmake's project files. The CMakeLists.txt
contains the cmake code that is not generated by MBS, and is instead supplied by the user.

mbs.yml File
------------
As was implied previously, each MBS project contains a single mbs.yml file. This file, as the name suggests, is in YAML
format. It contains the information that MBS needs to build a cmake project specification. The mbs.yml for building MBS
itself is the following:

    mbs-format-version: 0
    modules:
      libmbs:
        type: library
        library-type: static
      mbs:
        type: application
        dependencies:
         - libmbs-static

Although the order of the nodes in mbs.yml is irrelevant, the order above is used for convenience while explaining. The
first setting in this file is `mbs-format-version`. This property specifies the minimum MBS format version necessary to
parse the file. The format version is different from the MBS version, and starts at 0 and increments by one with each
format change. New versions of MBS may or may not increment the value, but no single new version will ever increment it
by more than one. MBS will refuse to process the mbs.yml file if the version is greater than the version supported by
the running MBS binary.

Net, there is the modules node. In the modules node, there is a sub-node for each module. The name of each sub-node is
the name of the module it represents. Each module must specify, at minimum, it's type. The two valid options for type
are `application` and `library`. If the `application` type is selected, no further properties are required. If the
`library` type is selected, then the `library-type` property must be set to either `static`, `dynamic`, or `both`. The
`dependencies` property is a list, and optionally provides a list of library modules upon which the module it is located
in depends. Each item in this list takes the form `<module-name>-static` or `<module-name>-dynamic`. It is undefined
behaviour to list a module that does not exist, or to ask for a library type that does not exist for the specified
module. Specifying a library here will make that library's includes available to the module it is specified in, and, if
the module it is specified in is an application, link to that module, or if it is a library then link to any application
using that library. This property can *only* be used with *MBS modules that are libraries* it will *not* work with
system libraries, CMake libraries defined outside of the mbs.yml file, or anything else that isn't a module of type
library in the same mbs.yml file. It is considered undefined behavior to use it in any other way.

Using MBS With Cmake
--------------------
